[ Background noise ]
I think there's a few more that we can take out now.
The last one at the store, it's a landscape over there.
So a little bit of work here was a long way.
(speaking in foreign language)
(I don't think there's any more water, it's from up there)
[ Background noise ]
>> Lack of nutrition or I mean?
>> Many reasons.
reasons. It's lack of nutrition, it's insect damage, it's genetic, yeah like
aborted, yeah like the embryo aborted, like there's a lot of different.
And the fermentation, I mean, why make it like, because I mean, it survived the first day, it didn't float, but float now?
It was just trapped underneath. It's not that it became worse. It was just like
trapped under the other ones. And then every time we mix it we can liberate it.
So two things that you can do is in this way we use one dose of grease
and we're able to do this fermentation. If you do it a little bit shorter, like 36 hours,
Then I would collect it, like siphon it off,
and then add it to your next batch of coffee.
And then here, what they're doing is they're going to wash it
and they just add it to the water.
Because again, you don't have anything to do with it.
So if you have more coffee coming,
you can use it for the next batch and then fill it with water
and wash it and then it's all good.
(chatter)
[ Inaudible ]
Because then, even though it has little by little,
when you add it to your fresh coffee,
it's like refeeding it.
(chatter)
But I wouldn't use it more than three days,
three batches, just so that I can use it
for my fresh coffee.
(chatter)
(speaking in foreign language)
(speaking in Spanish)
- I think it's worth trying.
- Is it something you've experienced?
(speaking in foreign language)
- I've seen it where the sacrifices for friends.
(laughing)
(speaking in foreign language)
[Spanish]